someone's going to attack me
and I know that my memory is going to be
lost if you're watching this then I'm
afraid I failed you are still in danger
I've decided to give you a choice
two keys the red key opens a box with
everything you need to return to my old
life the blue key opens a box with new
identity I need to know who I am are we
expecting an American you didn't want to
read what's really going on here I don't
know my memory is a massive black hole
you work for a secret wing of British
intelligence that recruit people were
certain abilities
Linda Faria is your boss you're a
government asset and you need protection
your DBA you have extreme variant
abilities that are only possible at the
farthest reach of human biology this is
the quadruped you hide mind the shared
consciousness what happened between us
I know you said it was a mistake I don't
make mistakes
people in danger from all directions
even from yourself what did you want
from me to tell you at auction we
received intelligence EVs were
represented as works of art so 4:45 till
you get our expert human traffickers
profiting in the sale of EVs some turned
a profit on loan others we keep for
personal use I think I'm being watched
what do they look like men that want to
kill me you've come at me three times
and three times you failed
wait wait he played me no I questioned
everything not just him but about myself
as how I helped me connect the dots off
the radar why me why not your own agency
you have nothing to lose
[Music]
I've got a client who wants to give you
a one-way ticket to England now zoom is
capable of erasing memories they call
him a pure River
what is he clean you've always been an
idealist but you can't float above the
fray anymore
you have to fight your battles deep in
the mud or lose by default
[Music]
get out
it's time I told you everything
you